C:\Users\19520\source\repos\Winform Component\DataGridView\bin\Debug\DataGridView.exe.config
C:\Users\19520\source\repos\Winform Component\DataGridView\bin\Debug\DataGridView.exe
C:\Users\19520\source\repos\Winform Component\DataGridView\bin\Debug\DataGridView.pdb
C:\Users\19520\source\repos\Winform Component\DataGridView\obj\Debug\DataGridView.csprojAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\19520\source\repos\Winform Component\DataGridView\obj\Debug\DataGridView.Form1.resources
C:\Users\19520\source\repos\Winform Component\DataGridView\obj\Debug\DataGridView.Properties.Resources.resources
C:\Users\19520\source\repos\Winform Component\DataGridView\obj\Debug\DataGridView.csproj.GenerateResource.cache
C:\Users\19520\source\repos\Winform Component\DataGridView\obj\Debug\DataGridView.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
C:\Users\19520\source\repos\Winform Component\DataGridView\obj\Debug\DataGridView.exe
C:\Users\19520\source\repos\Winform Component\DataGridView\obj\Debug\DataGridView.pdb
c:\Users\19520\Documents\CODING\C#\Winform Component\DataGridView\bin\Debug\DataGridView.exe.config
c:\Users\19520\Documents\CODING\C#\Winform Component\DataGridView\bin\Debug\DataGridView.exe
c:\Users\19520\Documents\CODING\C#\Winform Component\DataGridView\bin\Debug\DataGridView.pdb
c:\Users\19520\Documents\CODING\C#\Winform Component\DataGridView\obj\Debug\DataGridView.csprojAssemblyReference.cache
c:\Users\19520\Documents\CODING\C#\Winform Component\DataGridView\obj\Debug\DataGridView.DataGridViewDemo.resources
c:\Users\19520\Documents\CODING\C#\Winform Component\DataGridView\obj\Debug\DataGridView.Form1.resources
c:\Users\19520\Documents\CODING\C#\Winform Component\DataGridView\obj\Debug\DataGridView.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\Users\19520\Documents\CODING\C#\Winform Component\DataGridView\obj\Debug\DataGridView.csproj.GenerateResource.cache
c:\Users\19520\Documents\CODING\C#\Winform Component\DataGridView\obj\Debug\DataGridView.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
c:\Users\19520\Documents\CODING\C#\Winform Component\DataGridView\obj\Debug\DataGridView.exe
c:\Users\19520\Documents\CODING\C#\Winform Component\DataGridView\obj\Debug\DataGridView.pdb
